# OsamuDazaiWiki
This is a little wiki about the character Osamu Dazai from Bungo Stray Dogs! If you're familiar with the manga/anime and want to get to know the Dazai more intimately, you're going to want to check this out! It includes a detailed analysis of Dark Era, BEAST and Agency Era Dazai. You can also find a lot of pictures of Dazai here.

I started on this project initially as school work when we were having vibe coding in digital arts, but I wanted to try making my website without relying on AI. So I decided to download VScode and start learning a bit more about coding than I knew at the time. Soon enough, I found myself enjoying the coding, and continued even after we were told that whether your website was done or not didn't matter. And around the time I started to forget this project at some point after we had a bunch of exams and I had to pause it, which was around the time my friend introduced me to hackathon's sleepover! This really got me motivated to find more time to code again, and I managed to get this project finally done and published.

I made my project using simple HTML codes in VScode. This project was kind of my first ever actual coding where I made everything fully out of scratch. I searched online a bunch of information on HTML, and had my brother help me a bit since he was into coding too. And after that it was very easy to do everything, because I still remembered most commands even after several months of complete inactivity.

Honestly what I struggled with most was publishing this website, I remember being extremely frustrated at everything, and eventually realized that I had done a couple things wrong... Whoops. So, while I was creating my github account, I had made my email private, which I didn't think much of, before I realized that I couldn't make this website public unless I fixed that, so I did. And then I was frustrated with the code. Having never published anything before, I tried searching for what code to use to publish it. I tried the ones given in github several times and it didn't work, so I had to turn to my friend and brother for help, and they seemed to be a bit confused too. That's when I realized I had a github account, but hadn't completed my git account yet. And then I a couple times forgot to replace my email and username in the codes I just copied when I was feeling lazy. Luckily those were my most minor mistakes with making this.

Anyways, something I learned on this journey was that sometimes the hardest problems have the most simple solutions (such as just changing your email from private to public T_T). And of course how lucky I am to have people around me who care about me AND are into coding! Helps a lot. I suggest trying (get it?).

Anyways, altogether this project was really fun to make and I learned a lot. Overall this taught me how to use my terminal in linux better, because I hadn't really relied on it up until now, when I frocefully was forced to rely on it. Anyways, I don't really know what else I should put here, so I'm ending the README now... Goodbye, and please check out my project, I was so happy to see I managed to publish it (it was like 1 am and I was basically ready to explode with exhaustion and irritation. Imagine how happy I was to see it published!), so I hope others will enjoy this project as muc as me! :3
